create Conduit Container (#1)
JohnTwiiX/Conduit_Container: README.md

# Conduit_Container

> A Docker Compose container that builds two containers, a Conduit backend and a Conduit frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Docker Compose definition that contains two containerized services, a django backend and an angular frontend for the conduit application - a medium.com clone created to showcase API-Specification definitions and how to develop a more complex system in different Technology-Stacks.
```

## Requirements

> - Docker Compose

Reviewer: missing requirements:

- Docker
- Basic Knowledge about container definition
- basic knowledge about shell-scripting, python, and linux

## Quickstart

1. clone this repository

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:JohnTwiiX/Conduit_Container.git
    ```

> 1. start the conatiner

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
1. start the container
```

> 1. start the conatiner

Reviewer: Would rather say: "Navigate to repo" followed by the `cd` command (maybe even inline -> same line). Then in the next line you can do something like start the container with "docker compose up -d", with the info that `-d` stands for detached mode and a litte explanation what this exactly means

    ```bash
    cd Conduit_Container

    docker compose up -d
    ```

### Notes

> - the conduit-frontend is on port 8282

Reviewer: In order to make this fit into the course curricullum, I would propose the following ports:

- FE: 8084
- BE: 8085

## Requirements

- Docker

- Docker Compose

## Quickstart

1. clone this repository

   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:JohnTwiiX/Conduit_Container.git
   ```

1. navigate to repo

   ```bash
   cd Conduit_Container
   ```

1. Configure the environment variables

   1. Copy the content of the example env file that is inside the conduit_container folder into a .env file:

      ```bash
      cp .env.example .env
      ```

   1. The new .env file should contain all the environment variables necessary to run all the django app in all the environments. However, the only needed variables for the development environment to run are the following:

      ```bash
      DJANGO_SUPERUSER_USERNAME
      DJANGO_SUPERUSER_PASSWORD
      DJANGO_SUPERUSER_EMAIL
      API_URL
      ```

1. init and refresh submodules

   ```bash
   git submodule update --init --recursive
   ```

1. OPTIONAL submodule with a other branch

   ```bash
   cd <submodule-directory>

>    git checkout <branch-name>

Reviewer: better use `switch` to prevent disambiguities or user-land errors when changing branches.
